# BuyStorageReqBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Fid** | **int32** |  | 
**Units** | Pointer to **int32** | Number of storage units to buy. A storage unit lets you store 5000 casts, 2500 reactions and 2500 links.  | [optional] 
**Idem** | Pointer to **string** | An Idempotency key is a unique identifier for the request. **Note:**  1) This is used to prevent duplicate requests. Use the same idem key on retry attempts. 2) This should be a unique identifier for each request. 3) Recommended format is a 16-character string generated by the developer at the time of making this request.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewBuyStorageReqBody

`func NewBuyStorageReqBody(fid int32, ) *BuyStorageReqBody`

NewBuyStorageReqBody instantiates a new BuyStorageReqBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewBuyStorageReqBodyWithDefaults

`func NewBuyStorageReqBodyWithDefaults() *BuyStorageReqBody`

NewBuyStorageReqBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new BuyStorageReqBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetFid

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetFid() int32`

GetFid returns the Fid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFidOk

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetFidOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetFidOk returns a tuple with the Fid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFid

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) SetFid(v int32)`

SetFid sets Fid field to given value.


### GetUnits

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetUnits() int32`

GetUnits returns the Units field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUnitsOk

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetUnitsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUnitsOk returns a tuple with the Units field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUnits

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) SetUnits(v int32)`

SetUnits sets Units field to given value.

### HasUnits

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) HasUnits() bool`

HasUnits returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdem

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetIdem() string`

GetIdem returns the Idem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdemOk

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) GetIdemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdemOk returns a tuple with the Idem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdem

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) SetIdem(v string)`

SetIdem sets Idem field to given value.

### HasIdem

`func (o *BuyStorageReqBody) HasIdem() bool`

HasIdem returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


