# PostCastReqBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SignerUuid** | Pointer to **string** | UUID of the signer | [optional] 
**Text** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Embeds** | Pointer to [**[]EmbeddedCast**](EmbeddedCast.md) |  | [optional] 
**Parent** | Pointer to **string** | parent_url of the channel the cast is in, or hash of the cast | [optional] 
**ChannelId** | Pointer to **string** | Channel ID of the channel where the cast is to be posted. e.g. neynar, farcaster, warpcast | [optional] 
**Idem** | Pointer to **string** | An Idempotency key is a unique identifier for the request. **Note:**  1) This is used to prevent duplicate requests. Use the same idem key on retry attempts. 2) This should be a unique identifier for each request. 3) Recommended format is a 16-character string generated by the developer at the time of making this request.  | [optional] 
**ParentAuthorFid** | Pointer to **int32** | User identifier (unsigned integer) | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPostCastReqBody

`func NewPostCastReqBody() *PostCastReqBody`

NewPostCastReqBody instantiates a new PostCastReqBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPostCastReqBodyWithDefaults

`func NewPostCastReqBodyWithDefaults() *PostCastReqBody`

NewPostCastReqBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new PostCastReqBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSignerUuid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetSignerUuid() string`

GetSignerUuid returns the SignerUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignerUuidOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetSignerUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignerUuidOk returns a tuple with the SignerUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignerUuid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetSignerUuid(v string)`

SetSignerUuid sets SignerUuid field to given value.

### HasSignerUuid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasSignerUuid() bool`

HasSignerUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetText

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetText() string`

GetText returns the Text field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTextOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTextOk returns a tuple with the Text field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetText

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetText(v string)`

SetText sets Text field to given value.

### HasText

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasText() bool`

HasText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEmbeds

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetEmbeds() []EmbeddedCast`

GetEmbeds returns the Embeds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmbedsOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetEmbedsOk() (*[]EmbeddedCast, bool)`

GetEmbedsOk returns a tuple with the Embeds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmbeds

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetEmbeds(v []EmbeddedCast)`

SetEmbeds sets Embeds field to given value.

### HasEmbeds

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasEmbeds() bool`

HasEmbeds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParent

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetParent() string`

GetParent returns the Parent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetParentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetParentOk returns a tuple with the Parent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParent

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetParent(v string)`

SetParent sets Parent field to given value.

### HasParent

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasParent() bool`

HasParent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetChannelId

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetChannelId() string`

GetChannelId returns the ChannelId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChannelIdOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetChannelIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetChannelIdOk returns a tuple with the ChannelId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChannelId

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetChannelId(v string)`

SetChannelId sets ChannelId field to given value.

### HasChannelId

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasChannelId() bool`

HasChannelId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdem

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetIdem() string`

GetIdem returns the Idem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdemOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetIdemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdemOk returns a tuple with the Idem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdem

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetIdem(v string)`

SetIdem sets Idem field to given value.

### HasIdem

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasIdem() bool`

HasIdem returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParentAuthorFid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetParentAuthorFid() int32`

GetParentAuthorFid returns the ParentAuthorFid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentAuthorFidOk

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) GetParentAuthorFidOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetParentAuthorFidOk returns a tuple with the ParentAuthorFid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParentAuthorFid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) SetParentAuthorFid(v int32)`

SetParentAuthorFid sets ParentAuthorFid field to given value.

### HasParentAuthorFid

`func (o *PostCastReqBody) HasParentAuthorFid() bool`

HasParentAuthorFid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


