# ReactionReqBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SignerUuid** | Pointer to **string** | UUID of the signer | [optional] 
**ReactionType** | Pointer to [**ReactionType**](ReactionType.md) |  | [optional] 
**Target** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**TargetAuthorFid** | Pointer to **int32** | User identifier (unsigned integer) | [optional] 
**Idem** | Pointer to **string** | An Idempotency key is a unique identifier for the request. **Note:**  1) This is used to prevent duplicate requests. Use the same idem key on retry attempts. 2) This should be a unique identifier for each request. 3) Recommended format is a 16-character string generated by the developer at the time of making this request.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewReactionReqBody

`func NewReactionReqBody() *ReactionReqBody`

NewReactionReqBody instantiates a new ReactionReqBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewReactionReqBodyWithDefaults

`func NewReactionReqBodyWithDefaults() *ReactionReqBody`

NewReactionReqBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new ReactionReqBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSignerUuid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetSignerUuid() string`

GetSignerUuid returns the SignerUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignerUuidOk

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetSignerUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignerUuidOk returns a tuple with the SignerUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignerUuid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) SetSignerUuid(v string)`

SetSignerUuid sets SignerUuid field to given value.

### HasSignerUuid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) HasSignerUuid() bool`

HasSignerUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReactionType

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetReactionType() ReactionType`

GetReactionType returns the ReactionType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReactionTypeOk

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetReactionTypeOk() (*ReactionType, bool)`

GetReactionTypeOk returns a tuple with the ReactionType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReactionType

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) SetReactionType(v ReactionType)`

SetReactionType sets ReactionType field to given value.

### HasReactionType

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) HasReactionType() bool`

HasReactionType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTarget

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetTarget() string`

GetTarget returns the Target field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTargetOk

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetTargetOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTargetOk returns a tuple with the Target field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTarget

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) SetTarget(v string)`

SetTarget sets Target field to given value.

### HasTarget

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) HasTarget() bool`

HasTarget returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTargetAuthorFid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetTargetAuthorFid() int32`

GetTargetAuthorFid returns the TargetAuthorFid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTargetAuthorFidOk

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetTargetAuthorFidOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTargetAuthorFidOk returns a tuple with the TargetAuthorFid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTargetAuthorFid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) SetTargetAuthorFid(v int32)`

SetTargetAuthorFid sets TargetAuthorFid field to given value.

### HasTargetAuthorFid

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) HasTargetAuthorFid() bool`

HasTargetAuthorFid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdem

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetIdem() string`

GetIdem returns the Idem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdemOk

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) GetIdemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdemOk returns a tuple with the Idem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdem

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) SetIdem(v string)`

SetIdem sets Idem field to given value.

### HasIdem

`func (o *ReactionReqBody) HasIdem() bool`

HasIdem returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


